Introducing a simple engine model (#147)
MIT-LAE/TASOPT.jl: docs/src/propulsion/propsys.md

# Propulsion system

> TASOPT.jl can use multiple propulsion system options, ranging from a simple engine with a set specific fuel consumption to a detailed model of a turbofan engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TASOPT.jl supports multiple propulsion system weight and performance options. Currently implemented are a simple engine with a fixed specific fuel consumption, a detailed model of a turbofan engine, and auxiliary models for novel aircraft leveraging cryogenic hydrogen. Other engine models can be added following the `TASOPT.Engine` interface object.
```
